Update format.asciidoc to describe strict_date_optional_time_nanos (#57527)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/types/date_nanos.asciidoc

to the formats supported by
<<strict-date-time,`strict_date_optional_time`>> including up to nine second
fractionals or milliseconds-since-the-epoch (thus losing precision on the

> nano second part). Using <<strict-date-time,`strict_date_optional_time`>> will
> however format the result up to only 3 second fractionals. In order to both
> print and parse up to 9 digits resolution, use <<strict-date-time-nanos,`strict_date_optional_time_nanos`>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nano second part). Using <<strict-date-time,`strict_date_optional_time`>> will 
format the result up to only three second fractionals. To
print and parse up to nine digits of resolution, use <<strict-date-time-nanos,`strict_date_optional_time_nanos`>>.
```
